{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16240\viewh12160\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Script for "4th wave feminism - The new swastika"\
\

\fs36 Hello fellow feminists or anti-feminists!\
\
I have a confession to make\'85 I am dissatisfied with the term feminist. Not just for the basic reason of a gendered word being used to promote an equality movement\'85 no, while that is bad it is not what I am most concerned about. I believe feminism is the new swastika. Now before you dislike the video and post a comment about me being a sexist mra hear me out and say what you think about it.\
\
Now lets talk about the swastika, its meaning and hitler/the nazis. The swastika was originally a force for good. It supported peace, prosperity, good harvests and so much more. It was the king and yang the symbol of peace and kindness to a lot of people. If you look it up in a dictionary of something similar you will probably find this meaning. You will think the swastika is something positive\'85 yet if you put it on your shirt and walk around town in germany you will be arrested, tried and sentenced by hate crimes\'85 so why can't you wear this symbol of peace? There is a simple answer\'85 The nazis. \
\
The nazis used the swastika and commited inhuman crimes in ways I can never and never want to describe. They used it for themselves and made it their symbol. So this proves one thing. Words and symbols are given the meaning we use them to represent\'85 not what the dictionary says they represent.\
\
Now you might be saying "But Wilma what does this have to do with feminism?". This is valid question for people who just came to the movement and to you I say\'85 Welcome! Anyway the thing is there are multiple people and websites who have ruined feminism. Take the case of Trigglypuff, Chanty Binx, Anita Sarkeesian, Laci Green and so many more.\
\
Now here is the final point. There are a lot of good people using the title feminist to describe themselves. But they are not as vocal as the minority of extremely vocal sexist people who use feminism to describe themselves. Feminism in short has become the new swastika. I believe it is time to start a new wave of feminism. The fourth wave. The equality wave. I hereby start Fourth wave feminism or Fourth wave \'85 what shall the new movement be called?\
\
Good question! Here is my answer. I believe feminism should be egalitarianism. So to continue I hereby start the fourth wave of egalitarianism!}